Welcome to our Privacy Policy-- Your privacy is critically important to us.Housemoon Sprinter is located at:Housemoon Sprinter 0123998775It is Housemoon Sprinter’s policy to respect your privacy regarding any information we may collect while operating our website. This Privacy Policy applies to housemoonsprinter.x10host.com/ (hereinafter, "us", "we", or "housemoonsprinter.x10host.com/"). We respect your privacy and are committed to protecting personally identifiable information you may provide us through the Website. We have adopted this privacy policy ("Privacy Policy") to explain what information may be collected on our Website, how we use this information, and under what circumstances we may disclose the information to third parties. This Privacy Policy applies only to information we collect through the Website and does not apply to our collection of information from other sources.This Privacy Policy, together with the Terms and conditions posted on our Website, set forth the general rules and policies governing your use of our Website. Depending on your activities when visiting our Website, you may be required to agree to additional terms and conditions.- Website VisitorsLike most website operators, Housemoon Sprinter collects non-personally-identifying information of the sort that web browsers and servers typically make available, such as the browser type, language preference, referring site, and the date and time of each visitor request. Housemoon Sprinter’s purpose in collecting non-personally identifying information is to better understand how Housemoon Sprinter’s visitors use its website. From time to time, Housemoon Sprinter may release non-personally-identifying information in the aggregate, e.g., by publishing a report on trends in the usage of its website.Housemoon Sprinter also collects potentially personally-identifying information like Internet Protocol (IP) addresses for logged in users and for users leaving comments on http://housemoonsprinter.x10host.com/ blog posts. Housemoon Sprinter only discloses logged in user and commenter IP addresses under the same circumstances that it uses and discloses personally-identifying information as described below.- Gathering of Personally-Identifying InformationCertain visitors to Housemoon Sprinter’s websites choose to interact with Housemoon Sprinter in ways that require Housemoon Sprinter to gather personally-identifying information. The amount and type of information that Housemoon Sprinter gathers depends on the nature of the interaction. For example, we ask visitors who sign up for a blog at http://housemoonsprinter.x10host.com/ to provide a username and email address.- SecurityThe security of your Personal Information is important to us, but remember that no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure. While we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your Personal Information, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.- Links To External SitesOur Service may contain links to external sites that are not operated by us. If you click on a third party link, you will be directed to that third party's site. We strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy and terms and conditions of every site you visit.We have no control over, and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies or practices of any third party sites, products or services.- Aggregated StatisticsHousemoon Sprinter may collect statistics about the behavior of visitors to its website. Housemoon Sprinter may display this information publicly or provide it to others. However, Housemoon Sprinter does not disclose your personally-identifying information.- CookiesTo enrich and perfect your online experience, Housemoon Sprinter uses "Cookies", similar technologies and services provided by others to display personalized content, appropriate advertising and store your preferences on your computer.A cookie is a string of information that a website stores on a visitor’s computer, and that the visitor’s browser provides to the website each time the visitor returns. Housemoon Sprinter uses cookies to help Housemoon Sprinter identify and track visitors, their usage of http://housemoonsprinter.x10host.com/, and their website access preferences. Housemoon Sprinter visitors who do not wish to have cookies placed on their computers should set their browsers to refuse cookies before using Housemoon Sprinter’s websites, with the drawback that certain features of Housemoon Sprinter’s websites may not function properly without the aid of cookies.By continuing to navigate our website without changing your cookie settings, you hereby acknowledge and agree to Housemoon Sprinter's use of cookies.Privacy Policy ChangesAlthough most changes are likely to be minor, Housemoon Sprinter may change its Privacy Policy from time to time, and in Housemoon Sprinter’s sole discretion. Housemoon Sprinter encourages visitors to frequently check this page for any changes to its Privacy Policy. Your continued use of this site after any change in this Privacy Policy will constitute your acceptance of such change.  -   - Credit & Contact InformationThis privacy policy was created at http://termsandconditionstemplate.com/privacy-policy-generator/. If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us via or phone.

-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Welcome to Housemoon SprinterThese terms and conditions outline the rules and regulations for the use of Housemoon Sprinter's Website.   Housemoon Sprinter is located at:  ,  - , By accessing this website we assume you accept these terms and conditions in full. Do not continue to use Housemoon Sprinter's website if you do not accept all of the terms and conditions stated on this page.The following terminology applies to these Terms and Conditions, Privacy Statement and Disclaimer Noticeand any or all Agreements: “Client”, “You” and “Your” refers to you, the person accessing this websiteand accepting the Company’s terms and conditions. “The Company”, “Ourselves”, “We”, “Our” and “Us”, refersto our Company. “Party”, “Parties”, or “Us”, refers to both the Client and ourselves, or either the Clientor ourselves. All terms refer to the offer, acceptance and consideration of payment necessary to undertakethe process of our assistance to the Client in the most appropriate manner, whether by formal meetingsof a fixed duration, or any other means, for the express purpose of meeting the Client’s needs in respectof provision of the Company’s stated services/products, in accordance with and subject to, prevailing lawof . Any use of the above terminology or other words in the singular, plural,capitalisation and/or he/she or they, are taken as interchangeable and therefore as referring to same.CookiesWe employ the use of cookies. By using Housemoon Sprinter's website you consent to the use of cookies in accordance with Housemoon Sprinter’s privacy policy.Most of the modern day interactive web sitesuse cookies to enable us to retrieve user details for each visit. Cookies are used in some areas of our siteto enable the functionality of this area and ease of use for those people visiting. Some of our affiliate / advertising partners may also use cookies.LicenseUnless otherwise stated, Housemoon Sprinter and/or it’s licensors own the intellectual property rights forall material on Housemoon Sprinter. All intellectual property rights are reserved. You may view and/or printpages from http://housemoonsprinter.x10host.com/ for your own personal use subject to restrictions set in these terms and conditions.You must not:Republish material from http://housemoonsprinter.x10host.com/Sell, rent or sub-license material from http://housemoonsprinter.x10host.com/Reproduce, duplicate or copy material from http://housemoonsprinter.x10host.com/Redistribute content from Housemoon Sprinter (unless content is specifically made for redistribution).Hyperlinking to our ContentThe following organizations may link to our Web site without prior written approval:Government agencies;Search engines;News organizations;Online directory distributors when they list us in the directory may link to our Web site in the samemanner as they hyperlink to the Web sites of other listed businesses; andSystemwide Accredited Businesses except soliciting non-profit organizations, charity shopping malls,and charity fundraising groups which may not hyperlink to our Web site.These organizations may link to our home page, to publications or to other Web site information so longas the link: (a) is not in any way misleading; (b) does not falsely imply sponsorship, endorsement orapproval of the linking party and its products or services; and (c) fits within the context of the linkingparty's site.We may consider and approve in our sole discretion other link requests from the following types of organizations:commonly-known consumer and/or business information sources such as Chambers of Commerce, AmericanAutomobile Association, AARP and Consumers Union;dot.com community sites;associations or other groups representing charities, including charity giving sites,online directory distributors;internet portals;accounting, law and consulting firms whose primary clients are businesses; andeducational institutions and trade associations.We will approve link requests from these organizations if we determine that: (a) the link would not reflectunfavorably on us or our accredited businesses (for example, trade associations or other organizationsrepresenting inherently suspect types of business, such as work-at-home opportunities, shall not be allowedto link); (b)the organization does not have an unsatisfactory record with us; (c) the benefit to us fromthe visibility associated with the hyperlink outweighs the absence of ; and (d) where thelink is in the context of general resource information or is otherwise consistent with editorial contentin a newsletter or similar product furthering the mission of the organization.These organizations may link to our home page, to publications or to other Web site information so long asthe link: (a) is not in any way misleading; (b) does not falsely imply sponsorship, endorsement or approvalof the linking party and it products or services; and (c) fits within the context of the linking party'ssite.If you are among the organizations listed in paragraph 2 above and are interested in linking to our website,you must notify us by sending an e-mail to creator@housemoonsprinter.x10host.com.Please include your name, your organization name, contact information (such as a phone number and/or e-mailaddress) as well as the URL of your site, a list of any URLs from which you intend to link to our Web site,and a list of the URL(s) on our site to which you would like to link. Allow 2-3 weeks for a response.Approved organizations may hyperlink to our Web site as follows:By use of our corporate name; orBy use of the uniform resource locator (Web address) being linked to; orBy use of any other description of our Web site or material being linked to that makes sense within thecontext and format of content on the linking party's site.No use of Housemoon Sprinter’s logo or other artwork will be allowed for linking absent a trademark licenseagreement.Reservation of RightsWe reserve the right at any time and in its sole discretion to request that you remove all links or any particularlink to our Web site. You agree to immediately remove all links to our Web site upon such request. We alsoreserve the right to amend these terms and conditions and its linking policy at any time. By continuingto link to our Web site, you agree to be bound to and abide by these linking terms and conditions.Removal of links from our websiteIf you find any link on our Web site or any linked web site objectionable for any reason, you may contactus about this. We will consider requests to remove links but will have no obligation to do so or to responddirectly to you.Whilst we endeavour to ensure that the information on this website is correct, we do not warrant its completenessor accuracy; nor do we commit to ensuring that the website remains available or that the material on thewebsite is kept up to date.Content LiabilityWe shall have no responsibility or liability for any content appearing on your Web site. You agree to indemnifyand defend us against all claims arising out of or based upon your Website. No link(s) may appear on anypage on your Web site or within any context containing content or materials that may be interpreted aslibelous, obscene or criminal, or which infringes, otherwise violates, or advocates the infringement orother violation of, any third party rights.DisclaimerTo the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, we exclude all representations, warranties and conditions relating to our website and the use of this website (including, without limitation, any warranties implied by law in respect of satisfactory quality, fitness for purpose and/or the use of reasonable care and skill). Nothing in this disclaimer will:limit or exclude our or your liability for death or personal injury resulting from negligence;limit or exclude our or your liability for fraud or fraudulent misrepresentation;limit any of our or your liabilities in any way that is not permitted under applicable law; orexclude any of our or your liabilities that may not be excluded under applicable law.The limitations and exclusions of liability set out in this Section and elsewhere in this disclaimer: (a)are subject to the preceding paragraph; and (b) govern all liabilities arising under the disclaimer orin relation to the subject matter of this disclaimer, including liabilities arising in contract, in tort(including negligence) and for breach of statutory duty.To the extent that the website and the information and services on the website are provided free of charge,we will not be liable for any loss or damage of any nature.Credit & Contact InformationThis Terms and conditions page was created at termsandconditionstemplate.com generator. If you haveany queries regarding any of our terms, please contact us.